projects/odata-v4-ng/README.md, before:

# odata-v4-ng

This project is a client side OData V4 typescript library for Angular2+. The goal is to create an easy to understand [fluent API](https://www.google.it/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjztKLavNTVAhXDKlAKHbNEA2IQFgg2MAI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FFluent_interface&usg=AFQjCNHcT-89__Mu2BHtejtaB-dxbg7VNw) for querying, creating, updating and deleting OData resources in Angular2+.

## Install

To install the package use `npm install --save odata-v4-ng`

## Import
```
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
import { ODataModule } from 'odata-v4-ng';
...

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
    ...
  ],
  imports: [
    ODataModule
    ...
  ],
  bootstrap: [ AppComponent ]
})
export class AppModule { }

```

## Usage examples

See [here](https://riccardomariani.github.io/odata-v4-ng).

## Changelog

See [here](https://github.com/riccardomariani/odata-v4-ng/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## Code quality

See [here](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=odata-v4-ng).

Commit message:

Update to Angular 13, rxjs 7.5, eslint instead of tslint and other npm updates (#1)
* build(packaging)!: Update to Angular 13, rxjs 7.5, eslint instead of tslint, and other updates to ensure no audit issues remain at this time

Since Angular 13 the Angular Package Format has changed a lot. This update aligns with this new Angular Package Format. Since tslint is no longer supported this update also switches over to eslint. Related code fixes are applied as well. Angular 13 now uses rxjs 7.5.3.

Versioning was also changed to make the major version align with Angulars major version.

BREAKING CHANGE: Only working with Angular 13+, to support lower versions of Angular use earlier versions of this package.

* Take ownership of the repository - with consent from the original author: Riccardo Mariani

* Update to Angular 13, rxjs 7.5, eslint instead of tslint, and other updates to ensure no audit issues remain at this time

Since Angular 13 the Angular Package Format has changed a lot. This update aligns with this new Angular Package Format. Since tslint is no longer supported this update also switches over to eslint. Related code fixes are applied as well. Angular 13 now uses rxjs 7.5.3.

Versioning was also changed to make the major version align with Angulars major version.

BREAKING CHANGE: Only working with Angular 13+, to support lower versions of Angular use earlier versions of this package.

* 13.0.0

* 13.0.0

Co-authored-by: Kees Wiegel <kees@ebenefits.nl>

projects/odata-v4-ng/README.md, after:

# odata-v4-ng

This project is a client side OData V4 typescript library for Angular 13+. The goal is to create an easy to understand [fluent API](https://www.google.it/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjztKLavNTVAhXDKlAKHbNEA2IQFgg2MAI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fen.wikipedia.org%2Fwiki%2FFluent_interface&usg=AFQjCNHcT-89__Mu2BHtejtaB-dxbg7VNw) for querying, creating, updating and deleting OData resources in Angular 13+.

## Install

To install the package use `npm install --save odata-v4-ng`

## Import
```
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
import { ODataModule } from 'odata-v4-ng';
...

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
    ...
  ],
  imports: [
    ODataModule
    ...
  ],
  bootstrap: [ AppComponent ]
})
export class AppModule { }

```

## Usage examples
See [here](https://ebenefits.github.io/odata-v4-ng).

## Changelog
See [here](https://ebenefits.github.io/odata-v4-ng/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

## Compatiblity

| Angular Version  | @ebenefits/odata-v4-ng version                                           |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 9.x.x - 12.x.x   | Use the original version: https://github.com/riccardomariani/odata-v4-ng |
| 13.x.x           | 13.x.x                                                                   |
